About Cookies
What are cookies?
Cookies are small text files containing a string of characters that can be placed on your computer or mobile device that uniquely identifies your browser or device. We may use technologies like cookies, pixels, and local storage to deliver, secure, and understand products, services, and ads.
What are cookies used for?
Cookies and other technologies allow a site or services to know if your computer or device has visited it before. These technologies can then be used to deliver products, services, and ads, help us understand how the site or service is being used, help you navigate between pages efficiently, help us remember your preferences, and generally improve your experience in using our services. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is more relevant to you and your interests.
Why does Instagram use cookies and similar technologies?
We use cookies, pixels, local storage, and similar technologies to show you relevant content, improve your experience, and help protect Instagram and our users. We may use these technologies to deliver the service, provide you with a service that is easy to use, enable you to move around the Service and use its features, such as accessing secure areas, and store information so that Instagram responds faster. We may use these technologies to collect information about how you use the Service, for example which pages you go to most often and whether you get error messages from certain pages. We may use these technologies to allow us to remember choices you make (such as your user name, language or the region you're in) and tailor the Service to provide enhanced features and content for you. These cookies can also be used to remember changes you've made to text size, font, and other parts of pages that you can customize. Instagram or our advertising partners may use these technologies to deliver advertising that is relevant to your interests. These technologies can remember that your device has visited a site or service, and may also be able to track your device's browsing activity on other sites or services other than Instagram. This information may be shared with organizations outside Instagram, such as advertisers and/or advertising networks to deliver the advertising, and to help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign. *We may use these technologies to understand, improve, and research products and services.
How long will cookies stay on my device?
The length of time a cookie will stay on your computer or mobile device depends on whether it is a "persistent" or "session" cookie. Session cookies will only stay on your device until you close your browser. Persistent cookies stay on your computer or mobile device until they expire or are deleted.
First- and third-party cookies
First-party cookies are cookies that belong to Instagram or another Meta Product. Third-party cookies are cookies that another party places on your device through our Service. Third-party cookies may be placed on your device by someone providing advertising, measurement, marketing, and analytics services to Instagram, or to provide certain features and improve our services for you. For example, other companies’ cookies can help us understand how our service is being used. Third-party cookies may also be placed on your device by our business partners so that they can use them to advertise products and services to you elsewhere on the Internet, to measure the performance and effectiveness of those ads, and to support marketing and analytics.
How can you control cookies?
We use cookies to help personalise and improve content and services, provide a safer experience and to show you useful and relevant ads on and off Instagram. You can control how we use data to show you ads and more by using the tools described below.
If you have an Instagram account, you can manage your privacy settings in Settings.
If you do not have an Instagram account or are not logged into your account, you can manage cookies from other companies on the Meta Products on this browser.
Follow the instructions provided by your website or mobile browser (usually located within the "Help", "Tools", or "Edit" facility) to control our cookies on other apps and websites, and cookies from other companies on Instagram. Please note that if you set your browser to disable cookies or other technologies, you may not be able to access certain parts of our Service and other parts of our Service may not work properly.